Fix playsounds tab visibility on the admin page when the module was disabled (#2469)
pajbot/pajbot: CHANGELOG.md

Remember to bring your dependencies up to date with `./scripts/venvinstall.sh` when updating to this version!

> - Bugfix: Fix playsounds MenuItem not being vissible on the admin page, when the module was disabled. (#2469)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bugfix: Fix playsounds tab in the top navigation bar not being visible on the admin page when the module was disabled. (#2469)
```
